                            Feather Software License
                                (c) Feb 16, 2021
                                (c) Mar 13, 2021
                                (c) Mar 14, 2021

Anyone can distribute this document. You can modify this document as long as you
change the name. You do not need to credit this license.

1. DEFINITIONS

"Derivative Work" means any direct modification to the Software that is not
exclusive use of the Library (unless that use reimplements a portion of the
Software), and is not a Redistribution.

"Document" means sections 1 through 5 of this file.

A "library" is a set of programmatic tools and interfaces either included with a
program, separately implemented, or otherwise, to interact with a program,
without otherwise modifying that program.

"Library" means a library, or libraries, used for and/or included with the
Software. Use of the Library to effectively reimplement the Software is deemed
not exclusive use of the Library, and instead is a Redistribution.

"License" means the permission notice, and all licenses therein, in section 2.

"Redistribution" means any unmodified or trivially modified versions of the
Software.

"Software" means the program the Document was distributed with.

"Source" form of a program is all of the source code needed to generate,
install, and run a program, excluding any libraries.

2. LICENSE

You are hereby granted perpetual, irrevocable, worldwide, royalty-free, and non-
exclusive copyright and patent licenses to adapt, modify, translate, publicly
perform, publicly display, sublicense, or otherwise transfer or use the Software
and any patents related to the Software.

3. TERMS AND CONDITIONS

  a. Distribution.
     If you distribute a Redistribution, you must include the License and any
     copyright notices found within the Software. If you create a Derivative
     Work, you must disclose the Source form of the Derivative Work.

  b. Sublicensing.
     You must distribute any Derivative Works under the Document or any other
     licensing agreement containing provisions substantially similar to those
     within the Document. You must distribute any Redistributions under the
     Document.

  c. Trademark Use.
     You are permitted to use trademarks related to the Software to describe the
     origin of any Redistributions or Derivative Works.

4. TERMINATION

Upon violation of the terms of the Document the License and all rights granted
shall be terminated. Any sublicenses you have granted are not terminated unless
they were granted in violation of the terms of the Document.

5. NO WARRANTIES OR LIABILITIES

Any authors of the Software hereby disclaim any warranties and liabilities,
express or implied, relating to the Software, including, but not limited to, a
warranty or condition of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose.
No authors shall be held accountable for any damages, including but not limited
to direct, indirect, special, or consequential, resulting from any cause,
including but not limited to inability to use the Software or termination of the
License, should those damages be connected with the performance, suitability, or
other attribute of the Software, improper use of the Software, or otherwise
relating to the Software.
